BACK TO YOU. >> THEY MIGHT BE.
>> THEY MIGHT BE. THANK YOU STEVE PATTERSON.
THANK YOU STEVE PATTERSON. I KNOW YOU’LL BE FOLLOWING THIS
I KNOW YOU’LL BE FOLLOWING THIS ALL DAY.
ALL DAY. MORE BREAKING NEWS, WE WERE JUST
MORE BREAKING NEWS, WE WERE JUST TALKING ABOUT THIS POTENTIALLY
TALKING ABOUT THIS POTENTIALLY WITH SENATOR BLUMENTHAL.
WITH SENATOR BLUMENTHAL. PAUL MANAFORT HAS, INDEED, BEEN
PAUL MANAFORT HAS, INDEED, BEEN INDICTED BY THE MANHATTAN
INDICTED BY THE MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY’S OFFICE.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY’S OFFICE. ACCORDING TO COURT DOCUMENTS BY
ACCORDING TO COURT DOCUMENTS BY NBC NEWS BY D.A. VANCE’S OFFICE.
NBC NEWS BY D.A. VANCE’S OFFICE. JOINING ME NOW IS NBC’S TOM
JOINING ME NOW IS NBC’S TOM WINTER.
WINTER. TOM, WHAT DOES THIS CASE
TOM, WHAT DOES THIS CASE INVOLVE?
INVOLVE? >> ANDREA, THIS CASE INVOLVES
>> ANDREA, THIS CASE INVOLVES AND UNSEALED, A MANHATTAN GRAND
AND UNSEALED, A MANHATTAN GRAND JURY 16 COUNTS OF FRAUD AND
JURY 16 COUNTS OF FRAUD AND CONSPIRACY AROUND THAT.
CONSPIRACY AROUND THAT. WE’RE STILL GOING THROUGH THE
WE’RE STILL GOING THROUGH THE INDICTMENT AND PIECING THROUGH
INDICTMENT AND PIECING THROUGH IT IF YOU WILL.
IT IF YOU WILL. THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY HERE IN
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY HERE IN NEW YORK HAS PURVIEW OVER
NEW YORK HAS PURVIEW OVER MANAFORT’S PROPERTIES IN NEW
MANAFORT’S PROPERTIES IN NEW YORK AND SOME OF HIS REAL ESTATE
YORK AND SOME OF HIS REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS, THIS
TRANSACTIONS, THIS INVESTIGATION --
INVESTIGATION -- >> AND TOM.
>> AND TOM. >> YES.
>> YES. >> TOM, LET ME JUST INTERRUPT
>> TOM, LET ME JUST INTERRUPT YOU FOR JUST A MOMENT, THE
YOU FOR JUST A MOMENT, THE MANAFORT DEFENSE LAWYER HAS JUST
MANAFORT DEFENSE LAWYER HAS JUST COME TO THE MICROPHONE.
COME TO THE MICROPHONE. LET’S LISTEN IN.
LET’S LISTEN IN. >> CONCEDED THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY
>> CONCEDED THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO EVIDENCE OF RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO EVIDENCE OF RUSSIAN COLLUSION IN THIS CASE.
IN THIS CASE. TWO COURTS HAVE RULED NO
TWO COURTS HAVE RULED NO EVIDENCE OF ANY COLLUSION WITH
EVIDENCE OF ANY COLLUSION WITH THE RUSSIANS.
THE RUSSIANS. >> LIAR.
>> LIAR. THAT’S NOT WHAT SHE SAID.
THAT’S NOT WHAT SHE SAID. THAT’S NOT WHAT SHE SAID.
THAT’S NOT WHAT SHE SAID. >> NUMBER TWO, VERY SAD -- VERY
>> NUMBER TWO, VERY SAD -- VERY SAD DAY FOR SUCH A CALLOUS, HARD
SAD DAY FOR SUCH A CALLOUS, HARD SENTENCE THAT IS TOTALLY
SENTENCE THAT IS TOTALLY UNNECESSARY, MUCH LIKE THIS.
UNNECESSARY, MUCH LIKE THIS. >> YOU’RE NOT LAWYERS, YOU’RE
>> YOU’RE NOT LAWYERS, YOU’RE LIARS!
LIARS! >> YOU’RE LYING.
>> YOU’RE LYING. THAT’S NOT WHAT SHE SAID.
THAT’S NOT WHAT SHE SAID. >> AS YOU CAN SEE, MAYHEM
>> AS YOU CAN SEE, MAYHEM OUTSIDE THE COURTHOUSE.
OUTSIDE THE COURTHOUSE. PROTESTERS, ONE SIGN REFLECTING
PROTESTERS, ONE SIGN REFLECTING VLADIMIR PUTIN.
VLADIMIR PUTIN. YOU SAW SHOUTS OF LIAR, LIAR.
YOU SAW SHOUTS OF LIAR, LIAR. HARRY LITMAN IS HERE.
HARRY LITMAN IS HERE. WE JUST WERE TALKING TO SENATOR
WE JUST WERE TALKING TO SENATOR BLUMENTHAL ABOUT WHETHER LOCAL
BLUMENTHAL ABOUT WHETHER LOCAL PROSECUTORS COULD COME IN BEHIND
PROSECUTORS COULD COME IN BEHIND THE FEDS.
THE FEDS. WITH A PARDON BEING DANGLED
WITH A PARDON BEING DANGLED SUGGESTING FROM THESE COMMENTS,
SUGGESTING FROM THESE COMMENTS, HERE KEVIN DOWNING CAME OUT AND
HERE KEVIN DOWNING CAME OUT AND WAS AGAIN MISSTATING WHAT THE
WAS AGAIN MISSTATING WHAT THE JUDGE SAID, AS FAR AS I CAN
JUDGE SAID, AS FAR AS I CAN TELL, BY SAYING THERE WAS A
TELL, BY SAYING THERE WAS A DECISION THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.
DECISION THERE WAS NO COLLUSION. SHE WAS SAYING IT WAS A NON
SHE WAS SAYING IT WAS A NON SEQUITUR, IT HAD NOTHING TO DO
SEQUITUR, IT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT CASE.
WITH THAT CASE. SHE ACTUALLY GAVE HIS CLIENT A
SHE ACTUALLY GAVE HIS CLIENT A TONGUE LASHING IN THAT COURT.
TONGUE LASHING IN THAT COURT. IN ANY CASE THE MANHATTAN D.A.
IN ANY CASE THE MANHATTAN D.A. VANCE HAS COME UP WITH SOME
VANCE HAS COME UP WITH SOME LOCAL CHARGES THAT ARE NOT
LOCAL CHARGES THAT ARE NOT SUBJECT TO ANY KIND OF
SUBJECT TO ANY KIND OF PRESIDENTIAL PARDON.
PRESIDENTIAL PARDON. >> THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT.
>> THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT. THIS IS HUGE.
THIS IS HUGE. DOWNING COMES OUT BECAUSE HE
DOWNING COMES OUT BECAUSE HE THINKS IT’S ALL OVER NOW.
THINKS IT’S ALL OVER NOW. WE’VE RUN THE GAUNTLET WITH
WE’VE RUN THE GAUNTLET WITH JUDGE JACKSON, THE SYSTEM IS
JUDGE JACKSON, THE SYSTEM IS DONE WITH US, I CAN COME BACK
DONE WITH US, I CAN COME BACK WITH MY NO COLLUSION MANTRA.
WITH MY NO COLLUSION MANTRA. WHAT IT SHOWS, THERE’S A BROADER
WHAT IT SHOWS, THERE’S A BROADER SYSTEM HERE.
SYSTEM HERE. THIS IS A BIG PORTENT, NOT JUST
THIS IS A BIG PORTENT, NOT JUST FOR MANAFORT BUT STONE AND
FOR MANAFORT BUT STONE AND EVERYONE ELSE.
EVERYONE ELSE. WE’VE BEEN TALKING AND FOCUSED
WE’VE BEEN TALKING AND FOCUSED ON THE BASE FOR TRUMP BUT YOU
ON THE BASE FOR TRUMP BUT YOU HAVE A REALLY REVVED UP
HAVE A REALLY REVVED UP CONSTITUENCY IN OTHER PLACES
CONSTITUENCY IN OTHER PLACES THAT WANT TO SEE JUSTICE DONE.
THAT WANT TO SEE JUSTICE DONE. THIS IS GOING TO BE CALAMITOUS
THIS IS GOING TO BE CALAMITOUS FOR MANAFORT.
FOR MANAFORT. IT SEEMS LIKELY HE WILL NEVER BE
IT SEEMS LIKELY HE WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO GET OUT OF JAIL DURING
ABLE TO GET OUT OF JAIL DURING HIS LIFETIME.
HIS LIFETIME. BUT JUST IN GENERAL, THE
BUT JUST IN GENERAL, THE PUSHBACK FROM THE SYSTEM AS A
PUSHBACK FROM THE SYSTEM AS A WHOLE, STATE AND FEDERAL, TO
WHOLE, STATE AND FEDERAL, TO THIS NO COLLUSION MANTRA AND THE
THIS NO COLLUSION MANTRA AND THE GENERAL LIES, THERE’S A WHOLE
GENERAL LIES, THERE’S A WHOLE OTHER PLAYER IN TOWN.
OTHER PLAYER IN TOWN. IT’S THE STATES AND THE D.A.s
IT’S THE STATES AND THE D.A.s AND THEY WILL HAVE SOMETHING TO
AND THEY WILL HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY WHEN THE MANAFORTS OF THIS
SAY WHEN THE MANAFORTS OF THIS WORLD SAY, NO COLLUSION, IT’S
WORLD SAY, NO COLLUSION, IT’S ALL OVER.
ALL OVER. >> GLEN, STILL OUTSIDE THE
>> GLEN, STILL OUTSIDE THE COURTHOUSE, WE SAW A BIT OF WHAT
COURTHOUSE, WE SAW A BIT OF WHAT HAPPENED WHEN KEVIN DOWNING CAME
HAPPENED WHEN KEVIN DOWNING CAME AND TRIED TO MAKE AN ARGUMENT
AND TRIED TO MAKE AN ARGUMENT FOR HIS CLIENT BUT THERE ARE
FOR HIS CLIENT BUT THERE ARE OTHER JURISDICTIONS HERE.
OTHER JURISDICTIONS HERE. UNFORTUNATELY FOR DONALD TRUMP
UNFORTUNATELY FOR DONALD TRUMP OR MANAFORT OR SOME OF THESE
OR MANAFORT OR SOME OF THESE OTHERS, POTENTIALLY, SOME OF THE
OTHERS, POTENTIALLY, SOME OF THE PEOPLE IN THE TRUMP
PEOPLE IN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, THE MANHATTAN D.A.
ORGANIZATION, THE MANHATTAN D.A. IS NOT SOMEONE SUBJECT TO WHITE
IS NOT SOMEONE SUBJECT TO WHITE HOUSE CONTROL.
HOUSE CONTROL. >> SURE.
>> SURE. IF PAUL MANAFORT ENDS UP BEING
IF PAUL MANAFORT ENDS UP BEING CONVICTED IN CONNECTION WITH NEW
CONVICTED IN CONNECTION WITH NEW YORK CHARGES OR CHARGES IN OTHER
YORK CHARGES OR CHARGES IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS OTHER THAN FEDERAL
JURISDICTIONS OTHER THAN FEDERAL JURISDICTIONS, A PARDON WILL DO
JURISDICTIONS, A PARDON WILL DO PAUL MANAFORT NO GOOD.
PAUL MANAFORT NO GOOD. SO YOU HAVE TO WONDER WHAT WOULD
SO YOU HAVE TO WONDER WHAT WOULD PROMPT SOMEBODY TO CONTINUE TO
PROMPT SOMEBODY TO CONTINUE TO SAY A JUDGE OR COURTS, WHETHER A
SAY A JUDGE OR COURTS, WHETHER A VIRGINIA COURT OR A D.C. COURT
VIRGINIA COURT OR A D.C. COURT HAS SAID ANYTHING ABOUT THEIR
HAS SAID ANYTHING ABOUT THEIR BEING NO COLLUSION.
BEING NO COLLUSION. WE ALL JUST SAT IN THE COURTROOM
WE ALL JUST SAT IN THE COURTROOM AND HEARD JUDGE JACKSON’S
AND HEARD JUDGE JACKSON’S POINTED COMMENTS ABOUT THE FACT
POINTED COMMENTS ABOUT THE FACT THIS CASE SAYS NOTHING ABOUT
THIS CASE SAYS NOTHING ABOUT COLLUSION AND THAT THE SPECIAL
COLLUSION AND THAT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION IS
COUNSEL’S INVESTIGATION IS ONGOING.
ONGOING. SO WE’LL HAVE TO SEE WHAT OTHER
SO WE’LL HAVE TO SEE WHAT OTHER STATEMENTS ARE GIVEN TO THE
STATEMENTS ARE GIVEN TO THE MEDIA BY THE DEFENSE.
MEDIA BY THE DEFENSE. >> TOM WINTER, ANYTHING ELSE
>> TOM WINTER, ANYTHING ELSE THAT YOU ARE DERIVING FROM THIS
THAT YOU ARE DERIVING FROM THIS GRAND JURY INDICTMENT NOW THAT
GRAND JURY INDICTMENT NOW THAT YOU HAVE IT ALL IN FULL, JUST
YOU HAVE IT ALL IN FULL, JUST GETTING IT AS WE’RE HEARING IT
GETTING IT AS WE’RE HEARING IT FROM YOU?
FROM YOU? >> SURE, OF COURSE.
>> SURE, OF COURSE. WHAT WE KNOW IS THIS.
WHAT WE KNOW IS THIS. FIRST OFF, EIGHT COUNTS OF
FIRST OFF, EIGHT COUNTS OF FALSIFYING BUSINESS RECORDS,
FALSIFYING BUSINESS RECORDS, FOUR COUNTS OF RESIDENTIAL REAL
FOUR COUNTS OF RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE FRAUD AND ONE COUNT OF
ESTATE FRAUD AND ONE COUNT OF SCHEME TO DEFRAUD FROM THE FIRST
SCHEME TO DEFRAUD FROM THE FIRST DEGREE.
DEGREE. THAT’S TIED TO BUSINESS RECORDS.
THAT’S TIED TO BUSINESS RECORDS. ESSENTIALLY WHAT YOU HAVE HERE,
ESSENTIALLY WHAT YOU HAVE HERE, ANDREA, IS OVER A TWO-YEAR
ANDREA, IS OVER A TWO-YEAR PERIOD, 2015 AND 2016, THE
PERIOD, 2015 AND 2016, THE MANHATTAN D.A.’S OFFICE PICKING
MANHATTAN D.A.’S OFFICE PICKING UP ON A LOT OF THINGS PRESENTED
UP ON A LOT OF THINGS PRESENTED AT PAUL MANAFORT’S TRIAL AND
AT PAUL MANAFORT’S TRIAL AND PART OF PUBLIC EXHIBITS THAT
PART OF PUBLIC EXHIBITS THAT WERE FOUND AND DEVELOPED AS A
WERE FOUND AND DEVELOPED AS A RESULT OF SEARCH WARRANTS,
RESULT OF SEARCH WARRANTS, INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS BY SPECIAL
INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS BY SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE AND THEIR OWN
COUNSEL’S OFFICE AND THEIR OWN INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS AT THE
INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS AT THE MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY’S
MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY’S OFFICE.
OFFICE. IN ADDITION TO THAT, THESE
IN ADDITION TO THAT, THESE SURROUND PROPERTIES AND BUSINESS
SURROUND PROPERTIES AND BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS THAT WE REPORTED
TRANSACTIONS THAT WE REPORTED PRIOR TO ANY MANAFORT INDICTMENT
PRIOR TO ANY MANAFORT INDICTMENT INVOLVING SEVERAL OF HIS
INVOLVING SEVERAL OF HIS PROPERTIES IN NEW YORK STATE, IN
PROPERTIES IN NEW YORK STATE, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK.
THE CITY OF NEW YORK. IN ADDITION TO THAT, ANDREA,
IN ADDITION TO THAT, ANDREA, THINGS SUCH AS HIS STATEMENTS
THINGS SUCH AS HIS STATEMENTS REGARDING SEASON TICKETS TO THE
REGARDING SEASON TICKETS TO THE NEW YORK YANKEES AND STATEMENTS
NEW YORK YANKEES AND STATEMENTS PROVIDED TO AMERICAN EXPRESS,
PROVIDED TO AMERICAN EXPRESS, SOME OF THOSE STATEMENTS AND
SOME OF THOSE STATEMENTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES WE HEARD ABOUT AT
CIRCUMSTANCES WE HEARD ABOUT AT TRIAL, WHERE HE SAID HE HAD SOME
TRIAL, WHERE HE SAID HE HAD SOME FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES TRYING TO
FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES TRYING TO PAY DOWN HIS NEW YORK YANKEE
PAY DOWN HIS NEW YORK YANKEE SEASON TICKETS IN 2016 THAT
SEASON TICKETS IN 2016 THAT DOCUMENTS AND THINGS ASSOCIATED
DOCUMENTS AND THINGS ASSOCIATED AROUND THAT ARE PART OF THE
AROUND THAT ARE PART OF THE CHARGES HERE TODAY.
CHARGES HERE TODAY. WE’RE NOT GOING TO HEAR FROM THE
WE’RE NOT GOING TO HEAR FROM THE MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY. THEY ARE NOT GOING TO HOLD A
THEY ARE NOT GOING TO HOLD A PRESS CONFERENCE TODAY.
PRESS CONFERENCE TODAY. THAT’S ACCORDING TO THEIR
THAT’S ACCORDING TO THEIR COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, ANDREA,
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, ANDREA, BUT THE INDICTMENT PRETTY MUCH
BUT THE INDICTMENT PRETTY MUCH SPEAKS FOR ITSELF AND COVERS A
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF AND COVERS A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF EVENTS WE
SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF EVENTS WE HAVE DISCUSSED ON AIR.
HAVE DISCUSSED ON AIR. THE SIGNIFICANCE, OF COURSE, IS
THE SIGNIFICANCE, OF COURSE, IS WHAT YOU’VE BEEN DISCUSSING OVER
WHAT YOU’VE BEEN DISCUSSING OVER THE LAST FIVE OR TEN MINUTES,
THE LAST FIVE OR TEN MINUTES, WHICH IS THAT THIS IMPERVIOUS
WHICH IS THAT THIS IMPERVIOUS TO ANY SORT OF PARDON POWER THAT
TO ANY SORT OF PARDON POWER THAT THE PRESIDENT COULD, COULD TAKE
THE PRESIDENT COULD, COULD TAKE ADVANTAGE OF WITH RESPECT TO
ADVANTAGE OF WITH RESPECT TO PAUL MANAFORT.
PAUL MANAFORT. SO PAUL MANAFORT’S LEGAL
SO PAUL MANAFORT’S LEGAL TROUBLES, CHAPTER IS BEING
TROUBLES, CHAPTER IS BEING CLOSED TODAY ON THE FEDERAL END
CLOSED TODAY ON THE FEDERAL END OF THINGS, BUT ON THE STATE END
OF THINGS, BUT ON THE STATE END OF THINGS, CHAPTERS ARE BEING
OF THINGS, CHAPTERS ARE BEING OPENED.
OPENED. OBVIOUSLY IT’S FAR TOO SOON FROM
OBVIOUSLY IT’S FAR TOO SOON FROM MANAFORT’S SIDE WHAT THEY THINK
MANAFORT’S SIDE WHAT THEY THINK OF THE CHARGES.
OF THE CHARGES. I WOULD ADD, ANDREA, MANY OF THE
I WOULD ADD, ANDREA, MANY OF THE EVENTS AND THE INSTANCES AND
EVENTS AND THE INSTANCES AND SOME OF THE FRAUD THAT IS
SOME OF THE FRAUD THAT IS DESCRIBED IN THIS INDICTMENT
DESCRIBED IN THIS INDICTMENT THAT WAS JUST UNSEALED ARE ALL
THAT WAS JUST UNSEALED ARE ALL THINGS THAT PAUL MANAFORT HAS
THINGS THAT PAUL MANAFORT HAS EITHER PLEADED GUILTY TO OR HAS
EITHER PLEADED GUILTY TO OR HAS ADMITTED HIS GUILT TO.
ADMITTED HIS GUILT TO. SO AS FAR AS WHETHER OR NOT --
SO AS FAR AS WHETHER OR NOT -- WHETHER OR NOT THERE IS GOING TO
WHETHER OR NOT THERE IS GOING TO BE ANY SORT OF LEGAL FIGHT HERE,
BE ANY SORT OF LEGAL FIGHT HERE, IT’S GOING TO BE DIFFICULT FOR
IT’S GOING TO BE DIFFICULT FOR HIM.
HIM. A LOT OF THOSE STATEMENTS GLENN
A LOT OF THOSE STATEMENTS GLENN AND HARRY, I THINK, CAN ATTEST
AND HARRY, I THINK, CAN ATTEST TO THIS, HIS STATEMENTS AND
TO THIS, HIS STATEMENTS AND ADMISSIONS OF GUILT AS IT
ADMISSIONS OF GUILT AS IT RELATES TO THESE CHARGES CAN
RELATES TO THESE CHARGES CAN COME IN IN THE STATE TRIAL.
COME IN IN THE STATE TRIAL. THOSE ARE STATEMENTS THAT PAUL
THOSE ARE STATEMENTS THAT PAUL MANAFORT HAS MADE.
MANAFORT HAS MADE. I BELIEVE THAT THAT’S HOW IT’S
I BELIEVE THAT THAT’S HOW IT’S GOING TO -- HOW IT’S GOING TO